you are cordially invited to a very
special wedding
now repeat after me i we we we we you we
Tom we we in sickness and in health till
death do us part
your second isn't there the bride is
calm the groom is cool and the parents
are the picture of happiness there's
only one problem
everyone wants to kiss the bride except
the groom
what started as a little white lie don't
you see this way way way can stay in the
states and paint you can finally get
your parents on your back grew into a
performance this was your big idea of
amazing proportions as a married couple
you'll be able to take a big tax break
the Samuel Goldwyn company proudly
presents Weiwei what do you think you're
doing the most outrageous social event
of the season
[Music]
the wedding banquet